so this is just a video on the forelock
system this is purchased through a
third-party supplier does not does not
come with the VMP or PNP accessories
sold through piaggio so you have to
purchase through a third-party supplier
I'll attach a link on where you can
purchase it from but the forelock system
only works for the iPhone 4 where it
slides right on in along with the power
outlet which is here in the back which
again should come with your iPhone
device slides right on through and plugs
into the USB port just for power
it's nice about the forelock system is
that it can just lock your phone into
place and allow for travel of your
iPhone with the vehicle and of course to
work with the vespa multimedia platform
or V&P
the one thing i had to do is modify this
for lock system and the one that you get
from the link that I'll send you below
in the descriptions is the one that was
used had a risk for a bicycle but by
removing that bar clip was able just to
run a bolt through the actual holder
holder itself actually a little bit of
effort actually supposed to slide
forward and out so you see how that is
mounted there's actually a little bolt
in there and a nut that's fixed in there
as well so that's all that it does is
just it allow it to slide right on in
that's why they call it four lock so you
just line it up and then of course once
it's lined up you just slide over
sometimes give it a little bit of a tap
locks it right into place
also have ordered a bracket and of
course the X grip from Ram mount which
I'll include part numbers once I
installed it let's see how successful
that is but the four lock is only
designed for the iPhone 4 with the RAM
mount X grip you can you know use that
to hold multiple different devices
anything from GPS system to a
you know an Android phone or the iPhone
4 iPhone 5 actually so I'll include
another video tutorial on that as soon
as it arrives